so today I want to talk to you guys
about sponsorships as I'm driving home
I've got about five minutes probably I
want to just discuss a couple of
different things in my approach toward
sponsors and people who have approached
me over the years and tell you guys a
little bit about my decision-making
because many of you have asked me and a
couple of you asked me in person too
while I was at body power and I've
talked about it a little bit but I feel
like it's time to make a video
discussing it because it's an important
aspect of my channel and dating back to
when I started YouTube one of the
biggest things that bothered me about
other channels not even Fitness related
channels but channels in general was the
fact that there are so many filtered
individuals out there there are so many
people who have to filter their content
and that is one thing that I feel my
channel is represented in a different
manner in a different regard is the fact
that every last bit of content that I
produce it is my own I am NOT marketing
for anyone else I do not have to filter
the things that I do the things that I
say or the things that I want to pursue
I don't have to filter any of it because
it is my own and I'm pushing my own
brand if anything
so that's not to say that I don't have
people approaching me for the sake of
this video I'll just say that I have
opportunities that arise on a weekly
basis you know several dozens of
opportunities across my wide spread of
social media including my youtube
channel as well I have some kind of
organizations some sort of business or
individual who gets in contact with me
with some form of an opportunity or an
affiliation that they would like to
pursue with me and I have just not had
enough interest to you know take pursuit
in any of these opportunities and some
of them you guys would call me a
complete idiot for letting down because
you guys I've had quite a few big names
in the industry come to me and offer
sponsorship opportunities and I have not
taken them and that's out of respect for
you guys and that's out of respect for
myself and I hope you guys will respect
that as well because I want to remain
myself I don't want to have to filter
the things that I do I don't want to
have to market for someone else and push
that on you guys I mean how often
do you guys see me pushing my own brand
on you how often do I mention my
personal training services it's really
near to none and even with my clothing
brand which launched that launched a
couple of weeks ago I have not even made
a video about that yet pushing it on you
guys because I have a different sense
and a different approach towards
marketing at least I would like to think
so
and that is not to say that I might and
that's not to say that I may not change
my mind because I could wake up tomorrow
and air Jordan may send me a message you
guys and I'm starting to say like that
the kind of tract would be signed if I
had Universal Jurassic Park come and say
they want to sponsor me and send me free
Jurassic Park toys the contract would be
signed like that and you guys I want you
to understand that this is my thought
processing right now I have not had an
opportunity worthy enough I don't even
want to say worthy enough I have not had
a business opportunity that sparked
enough interest into my mind and where
it was worth you know taking taking that
opportunity
that's the best way I could put it right
now I am interested in pushing myself
pushing my own brand and bringing
something to the industry that I believe
in my own set of values and my own set
of belief systems that I want to share
with everyone else and I'm not going to
go out there and say dreaded brand is
going to change the world
dreaded brain is gonna be a breakthrough
in the industry I'm not going to say
that but I feel as though I can put
something forth that is more relatable
than what other people may be putting
out there and so that is my thought
process is on that I have a couple of
affiliation codes in the description of
my videos and those affiliations are not
signed contracts they are simple
initiatives and simple
relationships that I've built with
individuals over the years you know on a
basis of getting to know them and
earning a certain amount of respect for
them and they're people that I
physically know and I physically had met
before or people that I have been
supported by for so many years and it's
all mutual there is no contract that
I've signed and there is nothing binding
me to putting those putting those codes
in my description box you guys so that's
just something else to think about now
going forth I hope you guys will
understand that if some form of an
opportunity arises I may very well take
that type of a sponsorship or that type
of an affiliation and in the current
state I am just hoping that you guys
would respect the marketing that I push
right now I don't feel as though I'm
jamming things down your guys's throats
you know the way that some companies do
I could very easily be pushing my brand
into every single one of my videos now I
don't think that I do it to the degree
that you know many people do and so I
hope you guys will respect that to a
certain degree but I just wanted to
touch upon that in a very short video
I'm almost home now so let me know what
you guys think in the comments below and
let me know your guys's approaches
towards sponsorships and what companies
you would sign with if they approached
you I hope you all have a great day
this is x either until next time I'm
getting my hair cut tonight I love you
all so much peace out bye